c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\ForumMafiaRestOnly.dll.config
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\ForumMafiaRestOnly.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\ForumMafiaRestOnly.pdb
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\obj\Debug\ForumMafiaRestOnly.dll
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\obj\Debug\ForumMafiaRestOnly.pdb
c:\users\mathblade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\obj\Debug\ForumMafiaRestOnly.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MathBlade\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\AWSSDK.Core.dll
C:\Users\MathBlade\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
C:\Users\MathBlade\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\bin\AWSSDK.Core.xml
C:\Users\MathBlade\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ForumMafiaRestOnly\ForumMafiaRestOnly\obj\Debug\ForumMafiaRestOnly.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
